# v0.2.0: Adding support for XLA Shardy

- `Function.Input` and `Function.NamedInput`: (change in API) they now may return an error, if the name is duplicate.
- Collective ops:
  - `AllReduce` now supports arbitrary number of inputs, to be reduced at once.
  - `channel_handle` attribute is not generated by default: it is not compatible with SPMD, and probably will
    only be useful once `Send`/`Recv` are supported.
- Added XLA Shardy support:
  - Added `shardy.DeviceMesh` and `shardy.ShardingSpec` types.
  - Added `Builder.WithShardy(mesh)` 
  - Added `Function.NamedInputWithShardingAndAttributes()`
  - Added `Function.ReturnWithShardingAndAttributes()`
- All random number generator types renamed from "Rng" to "RNG".
- Removed all dependencies to `testify` and `janpfeifer/must`.

# v0.1.0: 2025/11/06 Multi-Device support

- Multi-device support:
  - Added `Builder.WithNumReplicas` and `Builder.WithNumPartitions` methods.
  - Added `AllReduce`, `AllGather`, `AllToAll`, `CollectiveBroadcast` and `CollectivePermute` operations. 

# v0.0.6: 2025/10/02

- Fixed Abs() of complex numbers: it returns the corresponding floating-point numbers.

# v0.0.5: 2025/09/29

- Updated dependency to new Gopjrt v0.8.2 – issues with the CUDA PJRT backward compatibility (lack of).

# v0.0.4: 2025/09/28

- Added support for comparison of bool values and corresponding tests.

# v0.0.3: 2025/09/27

- Fixed wrong checking for during shapeinference.Gather 

# v0.0.2: 2025/09/21 - Small fixes, making sure stablehlo passes all GoMLX graph tests.

- Fixed rendering of odd floats.


# v0.0.1: 2025/09/21 - Same XlaBuilder ops coverage

- Initial release.
- Coverage of all XlaBuilder ops, so it can be used by [GoMLX](https://github.com/gomlx/gomlx) as a drop-in 
  replacement for the XLA backends.
